Add processing_url and highlights to courses table (#659)
pupilfirst/pupilfirst: docs/courses.md

**Enable public signup for this course?** \
If enabled, members of the public will be able to sign up for your course.

**Do you want to process applicant information before enrolling them?** \
If enabled, applicants will be redirected to the `processing_url` upon verifying their email.

> Note: Applicants will not be added as a students unless you manually approve them from the applicants page. This feature could be used for setting up a payments flow for the course.

**Course Highlights** \

> If set, a highlight section will be shown on the courses public page. You can use this session to highlight the core features of the course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set, a highlights section will be shown on the course's public page. You can use this session to highlight the core features of the course.
```
